Risk taking is always part of any employment or any career path and you
need to be alert to those and you need to analyze them carefully.
To some degree the degree of risk will be dependent on your personality
but on the some people like my father in law who did the same thing,
many of us don't like any kind of change some of us like the excitement
of trying new things and going to new places you can do operator
in that field so you have to decide on your own how much risk
you want to take but in virtually every fields the people who get ahead
the most will be those who can analyze and take the right risk when
it's time to take them. Those who get ahead by avoiding risk and
just doing their job even if they get promoted may not have the sense
of satisfaction that those who push the envelope right to the edge
got from their job.